You are a lot of sexually added a little bit of styling to fix our header.
One other thing I want to mention about the header right now is yes there is a very good reason that
we're going to use the built in header as opposed to the reusable one that we've created.
We absolutely can substitute ours in.
But there's a number of reasons that we're not going to and as soon as we start using the header to
navigate around I think it be really clear why that is so.
If you're wondering why we're not going to you reuse our head or there is a very good reason for it
and we'll talk about it in due time.
I can see off the glass section.
We've got a single component here.
We need another component so we can test navigation between different screens.
Let's create just some dummy component to work around with in my components directory to make a new
file.
And we're going to call this one employee list.
So we'll eventually turn this thing into a real component but right now we're just going to throw in
some boiler plate just to get something on the screen.
So we're going to import react and component from react and then I want my view and text tags from re-act
native will make an employee list component
give it a render method.
It's going to return some amount of GSX.
And for right now we're going to have to viewed tag and a text
that just says employee list and I want to have a whole bunch of stuff on the screen some is going to
copy paste down a little bit.
So whenever this thing renders I'm just going expect to see employee list you know all over the screen.
Then at the bottom we will export default employee list.
Of course OK.
So this definitely works for a test component something and just throw some stuff on the screen.
Now my goal here is to figure out how to add in a another script or another scene excuse me to my application
and see how that works with our navigation library.
It's going to flip back over to my router we will import the employee
list from components employee list
now we have a second screen that we want to show inside of our application whenever I want to see my
employee list.
I don't want to see a log in form anymore.
So these are two mutually exclusive screens right.
I either want to see my log in form or I want to see my employee list because this is supposed to be
a distinctly different thing or a separate screen.
I will create another scene component whose sole purpose is going to be to show the employee list I'm
going to give it a key of employee list.
So it's clear to me like you know this has to go to my list of employees.
It does not have to be named after the component I'm just doing that as a convention so I could have
just easily called this like you know list or employees or whatever I really want JUST I'M GOING TO
CALL IT employee list to stick with some sort of convention here then I'll tell it that it's component
to display should be the employee list.
And then finally I'll give it a title of employees and I'll close it off with a closing bracket.
Notice that because I gave it a title right here we are going to get that nav bar and I'm going to expect
it to have an employees title on it.
All right.
So without any further discussion nothing else let's just refresh our simulator and see what's going
on and they still got the log in form of course.
What else what else do we expect right.
So definitely at least we don't have any errors going on here.
We've got a separate screen on here.
We don't have any way to navigate between separate screens.
So inside of our re-act native applications whenever we want to navigate to a different scene we have
to be very explicit very direct about it.
We have to initiate some change or application to say yes please take the user over to this new scene
that I just added.
One thing I want to show you is now that we've got two scenes on here right now we can start to make
use of that initial prop.
So on the employee list just to test things out I'm going to give it the initial initial and the real
prop which is going to mean to say hey I understand there's two scenes here but between these two when
we're trying to figure out which one to show first please show this one right.
Please show this one it initially.
So let's say this refresh.
And now I see the employee list first.
And I see this instead of the log in form the initial prop is also really important.
One thing that's really interesting I'm going to flip the order of these two scenes.
So I just took off the initial flag over here.
So neither of them as initial as it was before we were seeing the log in screen or the log in for them.
I'm not going to flip the order of these two guys so I just flipped them.
Now the employee list is first and if I refresh the simulator now I see the employee list.
So if you do not place an initial flag it's going to figure out which seemed to show first solely based
on order.
And so we'll definitely be making good use of the initial property because we never want to rely upon
order but nonetheless just to kind of really organize the scenes in my application.
I'm probably going to end up putting the log in screen first just because hey you know I expect my user
to see that one first when they open up my application.
OK.
So we now have a second route on here.
We can do some good testing between these two routes.
Let's figure out how to do some actual programmatic navigation in the next section.